Well done! You made it to
the end of this section!
Being a security practitioner
takes commitment
and a desire to learn.
A big part of the job
involves keeping current with
best practices and
emerging trends.
Thinking back on my own journey
into the world of security,
I'm so proud of you for
your continued commitment.
We've covered a lot of
material this week, and
this is a good time to
reflect and look back
on the key concepts
we explored together.
We covered the
building blocks of
organizational risk management:
assets, threats, and
vulnerabilities.
We also spent some
time demonstrating
the importance of
asset inventories.
It's much easier to protect
company assets if
you know where they are and
who's responsible for them.
After that, we
moved on to explore
the challenges in a rapidly
changing digital world.
Part of protecting
data in this world
is understanding if it's in use,
in transit, or at rest.
Finally, in our
high-level exploration
of policies, standards,
and procedures, we talked about
how each of them factor into
achieving security goals.
There's no one-size-fits-all
approach to
achieving security.
While exploring the NIST
Cybersecurity Framework,
you gained an
appreciation of how it
supports good
security practices.
Attackers are also constantly
building their skills
and finding new ways to break
through the defenses we put up.
Remember, the landscape
is always changing.
There's always more
to learn if you want
to be a good security
practitioner.
Next up, we're going to expand
our security mindset
by learning more about
the different systems
security teams use
to protect
organizational assets.
I'm looking forward to it!